src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

AstroPaper is a minimal, responsive and SEO-friendly Astro blog theme. I designed and crafted this based on [my personal blog](https://satnaing.dev/blog).

This theme is aimed to be accessible out of the box. Light and dark mode are supported by
default and additional color schemes can also be configured.

This theme is self-documented \_ which means articles/posts in this theme can also be considered as documentations. So, see the documentation for more info.

<div>
  <img src="/assets/dev.svg" class="sm:w-1/2 mx-auto" alt="coding dev illustration">
</div>

## Tech Stack

This theme is written in vanilla JavaScript (+ TypeScript for type checking) and a little bit of ReactJS for some interactions. TailwindCSS is used for styling; and Markdown is used for blog contents.

## Features

Here are certain features of this site.

- fully responsive and accessible
- SEO-friendly
- light & dark mode
- fuzzy search
- super fast performance
- draft posts
- pagination
- sitemap & rss feed
- highly customizable

If you like this theme, you can star/contribute to the [repo](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper).  
Or you can even give any feedback via my [email](mailto:contact@satnaing.dev).

Commit message:

feat: add about me content

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About Me"
---

Hey there!

I'm a Senior Frontend Developer based in Brazil. And yes, it's a great country with a lot of nice things, such as nature and culture, that make me very proud of living here.

I love coding. I know it's a bit cliché coming from a programmer, but, for real, I love what I do.

Coding for me is like playing football or my guitar, I really enjoy it. Maybe because I feel that I don't have any distractions when I'm writing some code and thinking about problem solutions. Well, maybe the feeling of solving a problem is what I love, and with code, I solve these problems.

Since I started working as a programmer, I've always liked front-end development. The reason? I don't know exactly. I think it's because I like to create visual things—not as a designer, of course, but more like someone who can turn tons of code into colored, meaningful things.

As a frontend developer, I've been focusing on creating great applications with Angular lately. That framework always caught my eye. I think it's because it has a very OOP approach, it looks so organized to me. Features such as dependency injection, directives, and forms are great things in Angular.

The first language that I learned was Java (actually, it was Portugol, but you probably never heard about it), and I think that's why I like Angular so much. Well, that makes sense, right? I hope so.

I'm the founder of Code Dimension, a platform focused on teaching Angular and front-end technologies. Furthermore, I talk a lot about trending news in the Angular universe and also share all my knowledge about it on YouTube and in online courses. [Check out Code Dimension's YouTube channel if you're curious about the amazing content shared there](https://www.youtube.com/@code.dimension).

A bit more about me:

- I'm a musician. I'm not a professional, but I like to create songs. I play many instruments and sing too.
- Furthermore, I'm a fan of football, especially the Premier League. My favorite team is Aston Villa.
- I play football as well. I'm a defender.
- I have two cats. I prefer cats to dogs or any other kind of pet. Maybe because they're very quiet and clean.
- And last but not least important, I'm a tattoo lover.

If you're curious to know how it's my appearance, the guy right below is me.

<div class="flex flex-wrap">
  <img class="w-[300px]" src="/me.jpg">
  <img class="w-[300px]" src="/me2.jpg">
</div>

I think that's all for now. Don't hesitate to reach out to me by [email](mailto:martinshenrique8@gmail.com) or direct message on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henriquecustodia/), whether you want to talk about any subject.

Thank you for reading up to this point, and enjoy the journey!
